== README

This README would normally document whatever steps are necessary to get the
application up and running.

Things you may want to cover:

* Ruby version

* System dependencies

* Configuration

* Database creation

* Database initialization

* How to run the test suite

* Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)

* Deployment instructions

* ...


Please feel free to use a different markup language if you do not plan to run
<tt>rake doc:app</tt>.

Link to heroku: http://tranquil-dawn-7339.herokuapp.com/

For my project, I have 3 ideas.

1. A flashcard application website to create custom flashcards for studying tools. 
Users would go and make flashcards out of vocabulary words or geographical applications. They would be able to share
created flashcards with friends over Twitter and Facebook. They could also add images to the flashcards.
2. Storefront for Cafe in Harnwell College House. The cafe would be able to keep track of inventory and prices online.
Users in harnwell would be able to check what the cafe has in stock before they go down several floors to find disappointment.
Managers would be able to use a login screen to securely update inventory and keep track of employees.
3. PacMan or similar video game in Ruby. It would be a cool online Ruby game based off of retro classics like PacMan or Space
Invaders. Users would be able to go to the website and play the game. Could also create the game blockhead instead with multiplayer.

This project took a bit longer than I thought it would. It took me around 5-6 hours. The HTML was the easy part. Getting all the 
Google CSS was the annoying part. I had to go back and forth and look at different divs and such. I also had problems with pictures
which I realized I needed to look in /assets/ instead of /images/. I also had problems with box-shadow, then I realized I needed
to use webkit-box-shadow. Positioning elements was a bit tricky at first, but I got the hang of it. The input box with the 
microphone was the trickiest problem. I used Google's implementation of a table inside the form to do that. 

